c:\users\pedrohenrique\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FifaChampionshipWP\FifaChampionshipWP\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\pedrohenrique\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FifaChampionshipWP\FifaChampionshipWP\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\pedrohenrique\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FifaChampionshipWP\FifaChampionshipWP\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\pedrohenrique\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FifaChampionshipWP\FifaChampionshipWP\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\pedrohenrique\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FifaChampionshipWP\FifaChampionshipWP\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\pedrohenrique\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FifaChampionshipWP\FifaChampionshipWP\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\pedrohenrique\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FifaChampionshipWP\FifaChampionshipWP\Bin\Debug\FifaChampionshipWP.dll
c:\users\pedrohenrique\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FifaChampionshipWP\FifaChampionshipWP\Bin\Debug\FifaChampionshipWP.pdb
c:\users\pedrohenrique\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FifaChampionshipWP\FifaChampionshipWP\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\pedrohenrique\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FifaChampionshipWP\FifaChampionshipWP\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\pedrohenrique\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FifaChampionshipWP\FifaChampionshipWP\Bin\Debug\FifaChampionshipWP_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\pedrohenrique\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FifaChampionshipWP\FifaChampionshipWP\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\pedrohenrique\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FifaChampionshipWP\FifaChampionshipWP\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\pedrohenrique\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FifaChampionshipWP\FifaChampionshipWP\obj\Debug\FifaChampionshipWP.g.resources
c:\users\pedrohenrique\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FifaChampionshipWP\FifaChampionshipWP\obj\Debug\FifaChampionshipWP.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\pedrohenrique\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FifaChampionshipWP\FifaChampionshipWP\obj\Debug\FifaChampionshipWP.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\pedrohenrique\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FifaChampionshipWP\FifaChampionshipWP\obj\Debug\FifaChampionshipWP.dll
c:\users\pedrohenrique\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FifaChampionshipWP\FifaChampionshipWP\obj\Debug\FifaChampionshipWP.pdb
c:\users\pedrohenrique\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FifaChampionshipWP\FifaChampionshipWP\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\PedroHenrique\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FifaChampionshipWP\FifaChampionshipWP\obj\Debug\SplashScreen.g.cs
C:\Users\PedroHenrique\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\FifaChampionshipWP\FifaChampionshipWP\obj\Debug\PlayersPage.g.cs
C:\Users\PedroHenrique\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\FifaChampionshipWP\FifaChampionshipWP\obj\Debug\NewPlayerPage.g.cs
